inaugural corpus loaded successfully (5395 sentences)
P(w | ('of', 'the')) top 10 of 614: United=0.057, people=0.055, Government=0.042, world=0.037, Union=0.027, country=0.026, Constitution=0.022, States=0.021, public=0.018, nation=0.018
part of the evils of a people are happy to believe that the Union is recommended as well as our goal : where peace is unknown , make it more secure .
part of the qualified electors residing in other lands it be practicable to our own consciences for having made no distinction amongst men ; that the essential principles and forms of law .
part of the principles of international relationship , but to maintain .
part of the growing loss through foreclosure of our trade system to protect aliens and then to excuse the failure of substance .
part of the individual .
part of the difficulties in the past eight years under great and useful powers required for a greater degree than any of us , for we have resolved for our surplus agricultural and manufactured products .
part of the Lincoln Memorial .
part of the Union has been slow , dictated by a fair and liberal boundary on the trust you have granted to constitute the President imposes delicate and important trusts in ours , and we will be solved by the Constitution and the true form , let me assert my firm conviction that America will remain with any other of its Chief Magistrate , under the eighteenth amendment .
part of the citizens of the United States " and duty of citizens whose occupations give the proper time ask Congress to defend our people , one family , which has made offensive warfare so hateful that Governments and peoples in the shadow of the people , under which you are willing to heed and hear Your will , seeking peace and to put at the same great American flag , have forced themselves upon our attention -- matters lying outside our borders .
part of the world of International Communism and the patriotism of their affairs , to weigh my actions with the same almighty Creator .
part of the sacredness and beauty of earth .
part of the supreme fulfillment .
part of the world ' s front porch , a reasonable increase of the people ; with the Negro race by appointments , must assume personal responsibility , and it is no justice without freedom , greater security before their own , or not well informed as to be a strong navy commensurate with the results of the Government the people perish .
part of the power to make our beloved land into a continuing catalogue of definitions .
part of the American Dream alive for all , the result of economic efficiency , for we have authorized to do its full and equal .
part of the Government at all , upon the necessity for revenue ."
part of the embarrassed state of the tariff bill the prime motive is taxation and all applicants will be detained there by a decree from which they came .
part of the American family , and we disclaim all right to dissent peaceably , within reach not only as regards the exercise of its delegated authority , and should be afforded to our faith and renew our faith in the right of amending it or suffer from it .
part of the original thirteen States expressly plighted and engaged that it was followed by success and prosperity , and we will seize itâ €” so long as the woe due to the present have turned their thoughts toward home and foreign nations I shall not attempt to describe the grateful emotions which no people needs such high traits of character will furnish an inducement to savings deposits which private enterprise can not be improvised .
part of the confidence of our citizens ," and to the great weight urge a policy which should form the true spirit and purpose of our citizens .
