corpus=inaugural sentences=5395 context=1 start=boundary punct=keep min_len=1 max_len=inf novel=False seed=376 contexts=10139
They know the Constitution ; the Government instituted by the constitutional privilege been dispelled ; in the discussions which it by ignorance and industry are frozen by the veto of our world can , but in their honor and respectable political freedom and it was fixed on the country ' s highest office .
The snow was to foster capital , the independence , rather might such high place to act , and record numbers .
To command .
I yet we , that we can truly created equal participation of duty to you .
They do represent him , flexible enough for short weeks ago ; built up again in short as the benefits derived from their faithful endeavors to heal them in entire labor by man who feel power larger than the canal was supposed was proper confidence of goods and our public opinion may be obscured but the commitments we re - restraint and free men .
I should be well as you .
By this , their rights and which would not be placed it .
There is over to the paying capacity now struggling with American people under heavy artillery of slavery .
We have become the love for a force but to grant a new era .
I recommend , but when again , not to reclaim its treasury .
How far western side of conscience ; that they ought not division between our Constitution .
We have filled with his necessary if these views firmly convinced of our book of one where the world warmed by the mind , and it enters office on his sword of the course .
In the Constitution our forefathers conquered a grateful remembrance , I approach to the compensation .
The oath of Arlington Cemetery with a society ; but for misrepresentation has done , and furnished in the first invasions of America ' s increase of the Government .
I can , mindful of self - interest or refusal to build better for one heart , and according to add , is so constituted a better tomorrow .
Any policy , and a fair equivalent strength and that whilst the necessarily only because it is for success of procedure as it not be the world simmer in confidence .
To secure a fund of the heights -- and through the wisest and the inherited .
One people , but efficiently performs the laws , it relates to the result less favored .
For we own conscience of civilization has blessed us all of history than in its responsibility -- not provided an interstate commerce , as despotic , when a constructive effort , baby , and the Government itself .
And let us nor merely transferring power confided to indulge in social order to join with a certain and industrial pursuits , will favor was great blotches of the world , we stand , by the consciousness of the framework of the civil and exact tribute from their liberty animates our nation prospers under a long - year or else , and as circumstances the laws determining factor in our people and its major purpose of it is to compete and sectional , has since have the officers .
--- 20 sentences, mean length 27.1 words, verbatim copies of corpus sentences 0/20 (0%), start with a capital 20/20 (100%), end with terminal punctuation 20/20 (100%), rejected 0
