corpus=inaugural sentences=5395 context=3 start=boundary punct=keep min_len=1 max_len=inf novel=False seed=376 contexts=124020
They spring up native amongst us .
To any just system , therefore , I desire to state at the commencement of the War Department and the Executive upon those reports .
If there have been those who doubted whether a confederated representative democracy were a government competent to the wise and patriotic men of all parties , and the command of her armies and navies will be no peace .
Values have shrunken to fantastic levels ; taxes have risen ; our ability to work out our own destiny , we have contributed to our race , to our culture , our knowledge , and our duty is to cleanse , to reconsider , to restore , much to the satisfaction of the people covenant with me and with each other in the support of no member of that body to adopt such arrangements as are indispensable to the support of all parties .
They did their duty .
I have acted on this principle , no nation will have full entered its second century .
To consider these evils , to find freedom more freely .
Shall the prejudices and paralysis of slavery continue to hang upon the skirts of progress ?
We see tasks that need doing , waiting for hands to do them .
We are ready to lead once more .
How far have we come in man ' s yearning to be free .
It will not be questioned , and we depend on your help .
This trial comes at a moment when man ' s long pilgrimage from darkness toward light ?
His name may be still a rampart , and the consequences have followed .
Beyond that it wields a few general enumerated powers .
Tapping this new spirit , there can be no nobler nor more ambitious task for America to respond with her counsel and her resources .
The returns are a thousand fold in economic benefits , and infinitely more in reduction of suffering and promotion of human happiness .
Our children are watching in schools throughout our great land .
The influence of this force in both instances the most effectual measures in our power have been taken , without interfering with its other duties , for the inheritance which awaits them .
America , at its best , is also courageous .
--- 20 sentences, mean length 19.8 words, verbatim copies of corpus sentences 8/20 (40%), start with a capital 20/20 (100%), end with terminal punctuation 20/20 (100%), rejected 0
