corpus=inaugural sentences=5395 context=2 start=uniform punct=keep min_len=1 max_len=inf novel=False seed=376 contexts=67961
earth known such peril as today we work and wealth abound .
can play a part only , for government must be forgotten in abundance what we are not at fault .
officer from their age and that they are as safe as the understandings of men , of separate communities , and it is today , here I am sincerely anxious to use the Democratic Party .
forces are shaking and remaking our world , there is want , discord , and felt less deeply a conviction that man ' s maintenance .
camps .
of despotism .
the manifestation of the Capitol dome , as one vast body , and possesses an undoubted right to propose and they have found their way to fulfillment is in his honor , and the pride of place and to adopt measures for their homes .
very moment are denied the freedom of thought and matter by telegraph and steam have changed all this majestic advance should not be regarded as otherwise than wrong by those who voluntarily committed to the extent of its provisions :
ultimately be removed .
suppression of the principal and interest of the incoming Congress will not be deceived .
have referred none upon him , he is for industrial peace , we come in man ' s reaction .
this ?
minded men of the same success ?
called as a chosen country , with the other portions of the people is to monarchy , and we will provide military advice and never become a great measure driven from the land to the audacity of doing this .
civility is not which party controls our Government , but ours ought to await the future .
your wants , larger than ourselves who creates us equal in His own purposes .
our policy ever since the adoption of our shores to participate in growing abundance , I will fight our wars against poverty will be withheld from the formidable power of devotion to the reunion is important that we still believe that the preservation of the concurrence of the United States since the constant dangers from within our own hands at very short intervals .
States can do this .
seasons brought .
no better time to speak , warning the people , still believe that all these blessings , not our yesterdays ."
--- 20 sentences, mean length 19.9 words, verbatim copies of corpus sentences 0/20 (0%), start with a capital 1/20 (5%), end with terminal punctuation 19/20 (95%), rejected 0
